[Music] house,
hilly land, empty land, we are
hanging in the clear sky,
one day for you, my love, in my
heart, happy, grandparents, parents,
Mid-Autumn Festival, all of us. I am happy with my
family,
white, we want to say that love in my
heart, wedding, grandparents, mother, giving,
Mid-Autumn Festival,
happy, where
should we buy joy? From now on,
joy is truly joyful, Mid-Autumn Festival,
full of beautiful hands,
not lost, following the guy, not happy, laughing or
not.
[Music]
not love, not awake,
sending to friends, becoming teachers.
[Music]
lively, truly joyful, there is
a
[Music]
Mid-Autumn Festival, I love you, green,
rowing, eating, sky, I don't want to say that love, hard,
for joy, grandparents, handsome,
Mid-Autumn Festival, we are happy
with my family,
not saying
love, love in my heart, sending to grandparents,
parents,
Mid-Autumn Festival, through
coriander, dancing, joyful,
truly joyful. Mid-Autumn
Festival on the
tree, holding hands in the middle of the night, next step,
gold, white, happy, the one I always
like, Mid-Autumn Festival,
our
[Music]
will not want to have in
love, in my heart, sending to friends, teachers,
our Mid-Autumn Festival. Up there, joy,
resounding, helping the eldest child, truly joyful.  Our joy
[music]
in the program,
not once
in love, sending greetings to friends and
teachers,
our Mid-Autumn Festival, so
many people
will be happy, we will take steps, so
happy, so happy
[music]
[Applause]
Yes [music] [
Applause]
[music]
I will answer, ask if there are still
two of them,
together with you, we will be too, the night of the star lantern, the
night of the fish lantern, giving
gifts to the little ones
[music]
In the picture, the moon drifts by, the
Yang group spreads wide, oh,
brothers and
sisters, love to Mid-Autumn Festival, in the morning, people use me, I
don't visit the house, I give gifts to the little ones, my love,
deceitful people on autumn, I say, I
visit the house, giving gifts to the little ones, the
meaning of the house in the city, the
little ones still see, have never
met, the night of the star lantern, the night of the
girl lantern, I give gifts to the little ones more
[music]
in the screen, the moonlight shines, the
group in there, oh,
my love, don't be happy, don't be happy, no chair in the
house, friends come to give gifts to the little ones, my
love, the real joy, shining brightly, but I
say the world is green, gifts for the little ones
[music]
we don't visit the house  I asked if the little boy
had a gift yet, Uncle
[music]
told a story about the night of the star and moon lanterns, the night of the
fish lanterns, not giving gifts to the little child
[music] The
full moon, a
circle of life
[music] I
love you, Trang, please don't let the world pass
by,
then we, are we too, are we?
[music]
you
return to the mortal world with me, where we celebrate the New Year and watch the
moon, I promise success,
poverty, giving medicine. In winter, eating mother's rice,
how can we escape with my husband? Is there a lot of men
with me? How can we sing together in the
cold winter? It's not allowed. Sister Hang, let's sing a song
together, my poem, let's celebrate,
don't be a little outside, let's be happy together,
right? This
escape, a la
la la
[music]
just doing
[music] I'm still
studying, where do I have to go today? I
can't even beautify the house
[music]
Sister Hang, Uncle Cuoi has a small gift he
wants me and the little ones to receive, the Mid-Autumn Festival, Uncle is busy with
work, but we still
want to send so much love. This is
my right in the line. Wishing you all
a happy Mid-Autumn Festival, coming back to me after
the summer days, the sound of footsteps returning to the
forest. Sum  So happy, bright morning, together we'll go to the car,
Sister Hang and Uncle Cuoi, finally, me and my friend, the
Mid-Autumn Festival comes to earth, let's celebrate the
festival together, watching the moon fly by. My
dear, what's wrong? Don't make me sing, Tung Tung Tung Tung Tung, composed with Mr. Son Tung, Son Tung, swimming happily, let's hoe together, this song, Mung Tung, a little outside, Happy Mung Tung, it's raining too much, sister.
Shalala
[Applause]
[Music]
I just
think you
and the flowers bloom,
do you
know that today
is also beautiful?
[Applause]
Sister Hang is standing, the mooncakes are not yet
ready, I will give you many gifts for the Mid-Autumn Festival, mz500,
common area, when we
buy, we know in the moon, together with
Uncle Cuoi, sad going to school, school season, I will mention
in the middle, together with Uncle Cuoi, sister.
[Music]
[Music] [Music]
Yes,yes
[Music]
[Applause]